Remove old code and update Readme (#36)
mulesoft-labs/data-weave-language-server: README.md

# DataWeave LSP

This repository is open to the community to help us improve our Visual Studio Code support and report issues.

## Documentation

To find the complete documentation of the DataWeave 2.0 Language Support extension for VSCode refer to the following links.

* [VSCode Extension Documentation](https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/latest/dataweave-extension-plugin)
* [Dataweave Share and Reuse Homepage](https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/latest/dataweave-share-reuse)

## Feedback

> MuleSoft welcomes you to submit issues, questions, comments, suggestions, and requests in this repositor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft welcomes you to submit issues, questions, comments, suggestions, and requests in this repository.
```

# DataWeave LSP

> The code for this project has been moved to a private repository. This repository will be left open to the community to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is open to the community to 
```

Reviewer: I wouldn't share this broadly

> help us improve it and report issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
help us improve our Visual Studio Code support and report issues.
```

## Documentation

To find the complete documentation of the DataWeave 2.0 Language Support extension for VSCode refer to the following links.

* [VSCode extension documentation](https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/2.4/dataweave-share-reuse/<placeholder>)
* [Dataweave Share and Reuse Homepage](https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/2.4/dataweave-share-reuse)

## Feedback

> Your feedback is appreciated, if you have any issues, enhancements, or feature requests to report, please feel free to create Github Issues in this repository and they will be timely addressed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your feedback is appreciated, if you have any issues, enhancements, or feature requests to report, please feel free to create Github Issues in this repository and they will be timely reviewed. 
```

Reviewer: Just to set some expectations that we might do it or not.

Author: I changed this section a bit incorporating the comments from the editor on the marketplace doc
